So after dealing damage, we now want to be able to heal.
We could also calculate the healing amount randomly
but I want to hard code it,
let's say we always heal by 10.
So here, I then want to set this player health plus equal 10 to increase it by 10,
also keep in mind, the monster shall attack
so here we also have to execute monster attacks thereafter.
Now after saving this, let me reload, start a new game, special attack, heal up, special attack and we won.
Now here's an issue, I can also heal if I'm at full health,
well this really grows my health bar, right?
So we don't want to be able to heal any higher than our maximum health of 100, let's say,
therefore here, we should also implement if check, if our player health is smaller or equal to 90
then we can heal for the full 10
so then we want to add 10 to our health but otherwise, we only want to set our player health back to
100 again, so that we simply heal back to full if we're at a value higher than 90 anyways.
So with this in place, if I reload, healing does nothing when at full health, it actually reduces our health
because the monster still attacks us but if we go lower well then we can still heal.
So this is how we can heal up, how we can implement this mechanic and as a side note,
I hope you recognize that since a couple of videos, we're mostly writing normal Javascript code,
this shows you how powerful vuejs is.
We set up our style binding here,
we hooked up our buttons and we showed our player health here and now using the vue instance and normal
javascript code,
we're creating quite a nice game here without having to write any complicated code or manually updating
parts in the dom, manually checking if we need to update a certain value somewhere.
Really this is how you use vuejs and why it is so powerful and why it helps you so much.